# High Level Overview of what we just did, the theory,  implementation the whole thang

Alright so we just completed the domain layer and it's safe at the center and works create
and works as a suitable middleware layer and is protected from outside API. What we will
be working on will consist of low-level Data Sources, Repos which will function as our
single source of truth for the data, and finally models

Recall the layers of the onion we're working on:

                        |------------------------------------|                        
                        |    4. Devices, Web, UI, External   |
                        |         Interfaces, Database       |
                        |   |----------------------------|   |
                        |   |      3. Controllers        |   |
                        |   |   |--------------------|   |   |
                        |   |   |  2.  Use Cases     |   |   |
                        |   |   |   |------------|   |   |   |
                        |   |   |   |1. Entities |   |   |   |
                        |   |   |   |------------|   |   |   |
                        |   |   |--------------------|   |   |
                        |   |----------------------------|   |
                        |------------------------------------|

We started at the completely independent domain and in there we created the entity, this was possible through contracts
which in this case are abstract classes that define the terms of what data types are returned, thinik about it,  we've
fully implemented the domain layer using TDD and all the Use Cases depend on is the abstraction of the Number Trivia
Repository that we were able to mock. The data can't be pulled fro mthin air so we have to make a repo implementation
that will have remote and local sources. We won't need these right away as we can mock their behavior
with contracts through abstract class implemenetations, for the later parts of the course but first we need to
talk about:

# MODELS

The Method return types of the data sources will be very similar to the ones in the repository but with 2 BIG differences.
    1. They are not going to return the errors inline using Failures, and will instead throw exceptions.
    2. Rather than returning NumberTrivia entities they return NumberTriviaModel objects.

This can happen b/c the data sources are at the boundary between our code & outside apis and thrid parties.

Models are entities with some additional functionality on top. In our case they will have the ability to serialize &
deserialize to/from JSON. The API will respond with the data in a JSON format, s owe need a way to convert it to
Dart Compliant Objects. Note if you want to separate you can separate the functionality from your models directly
and add 'Mapper' classes that handle the extra bells and whistles.

# TDD Time

We first start with the test and we test if the triviaModel subclass is equivalent to the NumberTrivia classs.

You then implement that in the number_trivia_model by:

1. Importing the entity from the domain folder

Then declaring a class that exetneds that entity and within the class constructor it takes in
2 parameters from the NumberTrivia constructor:
    1. String
    2. Text

    this is done by invoking a chain reaction starting with the number and text of the Model and then passing
    those to the constructor of the NumberTrivia class and instantiating a new instance of that class.

You then want to write some failing tests which in our case is essentially bringing in the JSON and testing equality between these
and outputs of our serialization and deserialization methods.

You then move on and test it and it should work then you move on to the serialization pieces of it and we learn about fixtures
here which is really just mock JSON you can take and put locally, make a reader file and now you have access to fixtures so you
can test your serialization & deserialization mechanisms. The specifics of serialization are this:
    1. FromJSON Serialization essentially being a factory method that returns a new Model Type the values passed to it
    2. ToJSON works by taking the text and number in the class that exist and converting them to a vanilla dart object
       and returning that
